What data already exists and where can we ethically find this information 
 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10083956/

An article from National library of medicine - Information from USA Government. 

Homelessness poses risks to the health and safety of young adults; particularly among sexual and gender minority (SGM) young adults
Sexual and gender minority youth feel less safe in service settings (vs. cis‐hetero youth).
Sexual and gender minorities must balance self‐expression and personal safety in community settings.
Staff/client relationships, transphobia and positive experiences impact safety in service settings.
 
Sexual and gender minority youth feel less safe in service settings (vs. cis‐hetero youth).

high rates of trauma and may be subjected to additional stressors that impact their perceptions both within and outside of service settings
SGM young adults experience stigma and rejection from family and peers (D'Augelli et al., 2010; Russell et al., 2011), which is often cited as a primary reason why SGM youth experience homelessness
Castellanos, 2016; Choi et al., 2015; Rhoades et al., 2018; Schmitz & Tyler, 2018; Shelton & Bond, 2018). Meyer's (2003) minority stress theory suggests that these early stigma experiences distinguish SGM young adults from their cisgender heterosexual (cis‐hetero) peers, and may contribute to psychosocial difficulties into young adulthood, if adequate social support and coping resources are not available (Russell et al., 2011).
some research suggests that SGM young adults experiencing homelessness—who are disproportionally represented in the homeless youth population (Cray et al., 2013; Morton et al., 2018; Narendorf et al., 2015)—may utilize certain service spaces less frequently than cis‐hetero young adults because of discriminatory experiences in these service settings and a lack of inclusive programming for them
Experiences involved segregation, isolation, and stigmatization from staff, and sexual violence perpetrated by other shelter residents (Coolhart & Brown, 2017). 
victimization perpetrated by cis‐hetero shelter residents, and unique discrimination experiences reported by transgender and gender‐nonconforming participants (e.g., staff not respecting transgender residents' chosen names, gender pronouns, and other gender‐based shelter restrictions). Indeed, research using nationwide data has shown that lower visual conformity (i.e., “passing”) among transgender/gender‐nonconforming individuals is related to greater risk of homelessness and negative shelter experiences (Begun & Kattari, 2016).
Also look at bell hooks 
Society structured in inequality 
 


