HTML Design 



HTML

All the code was hand coded, as we moved towards the final version of the HTML which gave us the freedom to deisgn it the way we wanted. 

We wanted the Html to have a simplistic design as this was in line with our brand message as we are actively simplfying to access to help for the LGBTQ+ youth. 

Without sacrificing content, we designed the hand coded figma in the most simplistic yet effective way that we could.

Moving down the page, i wanted the blue writing to resonate with the rest of the project, in which we used blue as a colour becuase it means serenity. 

I wanted the 'ToTo Too: Celebrating Places' to be on the top of the html as that is the slogan of the charity. Next to it was the logo which took me a long time to be able to position in the top right hand corner, i learnt about invisibile containers as that was the reason the image was not moving where i thought i had coded it to.

The most interactive part of the project was the interactive map, which i iniitally displayed as an iframe, 

but then thought that it would be too similar to the other sections of the html, so i learnt how to code the website as a button. Another challege was trying to move the button to the middle of the screen, 

as it was on the left becuase of the default setting. 

After going through a lot of trial and error, trying to understand where in the code it was positioning it. 

I eventually found that it was the 'text align' and 'margin' that was responisble, and so i changed the margin to auto. 

I also learnt about classes and div's in this project, which has been very useful. 

We embedded the survey which looks nice in betweeen all the other text. 

We also embedded the ToTo Interview with Phi and Oran which was a nice way to add non-anonymity to the project, where consent was given.

The font ("Lucida Console", "Courier New", monospace) was chosen beucase it most resembled the project font which was used in the logo and the presentation. I tried to find soemthing that was similar to 'League Spartan' which is what we had used initially. 

Finally, we utilised the research done of helplines by adding them to the bottom of the html, with a hyperlink to the websites we found. 


