Tips from Laura

Task 1: 
Go through GitHub and add in notes of the work you have done, to prove that you have actually done it, rather than just referencing it. “you don't have any files on it, no work shown, no link to your figma nor other tool you've attempted on it either, only the mindmap we did in class a month ago. I suggest you start populating that along with zotero”
Folders with findings
Meeting notes
Assigned roles
Show more details within the project
Project attempts

 
Task 2: 


Figma is one of the tools you should seriously consider: creating the app would be what I'd be focusing on (aka don't play it safe with Figma, this is just a simple ux/ui tool, it doesn't replace being creative with building the project). 

So here is what I would suggest you start thinking about:

1. why make an app (what does an app give you that a simple phone website - called a responsive website - can't give you? I think nothing, personally... not many people add apps that are done by small enterprises)

2. you know how to write html by now, you have the ux of your website/app on figma, now start making it!!!! it doesn't have to take you more than a few hours.
Copy what you've done in Figma. There I can give you a hand. 

3. A website will allow you to create a map feature more easily, if you want one (do you want one?) 

4. Create a qr code for your project: https://www.qr-code-generator.com/

I suggest you eagerly start assigning roles.

An example is:
Frankie will carry on with the UX design on Figma
Sacha will be doing the first page of the app/website on html
Katie the Contact page, etc., 
someone else will be making sure the CSS works for each page, 
Sacha and Clemmie try making a map to include on the website (you need to check open street map). 

People should be getting roles suitable to their skills and difficultly (figma is pretty simple to use so whoever is doing that could be doing something else, for instance). 

Oh and someone should be adding all the meeting notes to Github. 
Just create a readme.md file called meeting notes, and write all of them there, for instance. 

Conclusion: be savvy and start adding aaaaall you can to Girhub! Start getting hands on with web development and get creative! nothing wrong with failing at it once you've tried, this is what James and I are here to help with!

I think you should share this on your next meeting with your group, by the way. (And start writing what your group decides on your meeting notes and project .... can I repeat meeting notes again? meeting notes... populate github...) 
